Klock - a clock with a k.

A multifunction timing thingy, where some [but not necessary all] of the functions are useful.

The multifunction timing thingy is split into four pages - Fuzzy Time, Countdown, Timer and Reminder.


Fuzzy Time

Allows the current time to be displayed in a number of different formats.


Countdown

Implements a simple countdown timer [between 1 and 90 minutes].
The time for the countdown can be either entered directly of the up/down controls can be used.
The timer can be paused during countdown and stopped before the end is reached.
A sound can be played at the end of the countdown, this sound can be user selected [a .wav file].


Timer

Implements  a simple timer, with split time function.
The timer can be stopped, paused and resumed.
A split function allows for given time to be remembered.


Reminder

Implements a reminder option.
When a given time is reached a reminder is displayed on screen.
Today's date is default, but a future date can also be selected.



The button bar contains three buttons -
help  - will display a simple help screen, depending upon the tab being currently viewed.
Close - Quits the application.
Hide  - Switches the application to the system area.



When the program is running in the system area, the following options are available.
If hovered over, the current time will be displayed.
Right clicked on the icon will display a pop up menu.
This will allow the application to be restored,
The application can be exited or the current time to be displayed in a minimum window.

If the application is in the task bar, any display messages
[i.e. a reminder becoming due] will  be displayed in the minimum window.


The status bar contains [after the the time & date] the legend cns.
The c represents caps lock.
The n represents Num Lock.
The S represents Scroll Lock.
The letter will be upper case if the key is activated, otherwise lower case.

The application contains a options screen [file / Options] which allows various coloursand fonts to be changed.




Program tested on Windows XP & Windows 7 [both 32 & 64 bit].